docs: add note for java client CP pom (#5894)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/ksqldb-clients/java-client.md

</project>
```

!!! note

>       If you’re using ksqlDB for Confluent Platform (CP), use the CP-specific modules,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you’re using ksqlDB for Confluent Platform (CP), use the CP-specific modules
```

>       available at `http://packages.confluent.io/maven/`, by replacing the repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      from the [Confluent maven repo](http://packages.confluent.io/maven/) by replacing the repositories
```

Author: Hey @JimGalasyn , does hiding the URL behind the text "Confluent maven repo" make the note harder to use, in reference to "replacing the repositories in the example POM above with a repository with this URL instead"? 

I'm happy with your suggestions if you think it's better -- just wanted to point out my original motivation for leaving the URL visible.

Reviewer: Ah I get it! Generally we want URLs to be hot, so we could have the best of both worlds by changing the link text to the URL:  [http://packages.confluent.io/maven/](http://packages.confluent.io/maven/). How does that sound?

Author: The best of both worlds indeed! I'll make the updates. Thanks!
